Update README to mention Discord secrets (#9)
WalshyDev/cf-status-worker: README.md

1. Clone the repo
2. Edit `src/config.ts` - here you can set the status URL, name of the webhook, avatar and publish channel
3. Put your IDs in `wrangler.toml`

> 4. Add Discord webhook and Discord Bot token with `wrangler secret put DISCORD_WEBHOOK` and `wrangler secret put DISCORD_TOKEN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add Discord webhook with `wrangler secret put DISCORD_WEBHOOK`
4b. (optional) If you want publishing, you'll also need to add a Discord bot token with `wrangler secret put DISCORD_TOKEN`
```

Author: Looks good 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14004943/197303011-b7c1fff9-96e1-44b4-b47b-0b0d149160fa.png)
